this is sparta Paul fitzy Fitzgerald
here I'm back on the fucking attack and
it's time to rock out what is going to
be one of the most outlandish and
out-of-control wicked pissah webcast
you've ever seen in your fucking life
this week I was going to give you a
little bit everything call it Fitzy's
wicked pissah buffet and we were going
to rock it out old-school York steak
house-style yeah let me get a steak
medium-rare a baked potato with sour
cream and chives and a side order would
go fuck yourself first I was going to
start out with an old-fashioned
bitchfest about the IRS and how tax
season is upon us dude I got my taxes
down the other day and I think my wallet
needs a rape kit my fucking god I was
money molested worse than fucking Dudley
got molested in the back of that creepy
bike shop on Diff'rent Strokes Hey
Arnold why is there fucking naked mighty
mouse on the TV dude I felt so fucking
violated like I had just done a
financial reenactment of the pinball
scene from jodie foster's movie the
accused is no fucking IRS supposed to
buy me a glass of white wine or tell me
that my dress looks really pretty before
they take advantage of me like that IRS
more like the iata right then we're
going to talk some Red Sox and how
everyone in fact in New England is so
excited about the team this year they're
practically jumping out of the fucking
Underpants especially over Daisuke who
this guy is throwing fucking rice
rockets in spring training I've never
seen New England so excited about
something Japanese since the fucking
original Nintendo came out fucking dent
and Anna den in the buffet we were going
to do a little movie review and we were
going to talk about that new swords and
sandals spectacular 300 which is ma TFA
more awesome than fucking advertised
well except for one fucking little thing
prepare for glory yeah
prepare for awesome sword fights and
ultraviolence yeah prepare for lots of
unexpected shots of naked man ass you
what the fuck but no no we can piss a
buffet for you this week no instead we
got to pack our bags and take a little
trip to the nation of sidetrack a stand
so we can talk about the fact that tom
brady may have just accidentally signed
his second and to the super throne this
time with his hot brazilian model
girlfriend Gisele Bundchen hey fitzy you
staff fucker what are we supposed to
call this celebrity super couple brunch
in or tomm jizz huh Tom jizz if I can
kill me your hero in mine Tom Brady most
awesome man of all time may have
accidentally impregnated his girlfriend
of only the last two fuckin months hot
model from Brazil Gisele Bundchen now
that story sounds about as fucking crazy
as Rosie O'Donnell hanging upside down
to cure a depression right think about
it Tom's already in the thick of his
first Brady baby mama drama with his
ex-girlfriend Bridget Moynahan I'm sure
off the field he uses the same excellent
decision making skills uses on the field
plus you know he's in the fucking NFL
not the NBA right uh but then you start
thinking if this is true then maybe this
was no fucking accident maybe this is
what happens when the two hottest people
on planet fuckin earth decide to stop
playing The Adventures of man sorted
lady sheath maybe tom was well protected
when he started doing the dirty deed but
then again putting a condom on Tom
Brady's like having your grandmother
passed protect against Richard Seymour
maybe this is all pata fucking coach
Belichick plan to have brady reproduce
like crazy now so that one day in the
future coach Belichick can lead a
genetically superior Tom Brady fathered
uber team look I'm all for one big happy
family preferably with the same mother
but you know what if this happened to
any other athlete and any other sport
then all your talking heads in sports
pundits would be grumbling like the
fucking Hamburglar about the decaying
values of American sports robble robble
robble robble sports ooh visage should
never be role models robble robble
robble robble I wish I was Tom Brady
robble robble
look I don't want to see the image and
reputation of my man hero Tom Brady
Chinese any further that's why today I
Paul fitzy Fitzgerald declare that the
oddball jazz song put a lid on it be
named the official anthem of Tom Brady's
sexual offseason well folks like I said
this week was going to be a real fuckin
nut house of a webcast I know it's a lot
to digest so why don't you sit back
relax maybe watch it again drink a cold
107 and look forward to next week's we
can piss a webcast Fitzy's annual st.
Patrick's Day party and you can find it
right here same go fuck yourself time
same go fuck yourself channel well
that's a wrap